Part of the performance concerns are the main thread calling info box functions that, because 
	they maybe call a TreeView_* macro, are synchronous and have to wait everytime each of those
	functions are called. This should probably be changed to use the main->window communication.

Win11's terminal does not support Dig-N-Rig or this modder at all. While you can change the terminal/console host
	used in Win11, it'd be better to recreate a console implementation that doesn't have the same weaknesses.

Tools
	When pasting something, the result of that is immediately selected and allowed to be moved.
		If the user chooses to move that object, it should be on a seperate layer
		so you can duplicate objects without removing what was there originally.
		This would also allow for objects to be pasted beyond the screen temporarily.
	I think it would actually be faster for chunks to be saved in memory rather than the exact set of blocks that were brushed over.
		Right now, it's a huge performance hit especially if the brush is large to check each block and while I thought of using a hashset/
		sorted set to store the blocks, I don't think it'll really fix the underlying problem. The next best solution is to implement
		something akin to the selection tool, where no changes are actually committed until the mouse is let go. What the user sees
		between mouse down and mouse up is just a sprite being rendered over the screen. That's another promising solution to this.
	Text tool
	Rectangle/shape tool
	All tool buttons should be consolidated into a Win32 window or some function to remove boilerplate

Asset creator
	UI needs to be improved
	Add prefabs

Campaign creator
	Puts all layers in there
	Allows for editing of these layers in the creator that when saved, saves to their respective files
	Starts at all blank.layers, listbox on the side allows for you to open up an existing layer. When you edit a layer 
		from blank.layer, it is renamed to {campaign name}_{layer index}.layer and placed in the game's asset folder.
	Another listbox adjacent to the directories that has the layer names
	Textbox for changing title
	Allows for editing of dnr_block_t's. Some sort of toggle for binary mode/asset mode
	Rectangle tool to create "end box"
	Patches game's binary files to support custom campaigns
		The rig blocks that connect to the factory in the actual game are hardcoded in, this can be changed